Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Essentially, Genetic Engineering
is selecting the best of what we can be.
Not tampering at all.
But that's what we're talking about.
If we were able to recode
DNA, DNA that once altered,
would pass its defenses
permanently to its offspring,
think of the health costs we could save
if we had a read-out that
showed when, I don't know,
our blood sugar levels were too high
or sodium levels, or whatever.
Businesses would save billions a year
because employees wouldn't need sick leave.
Actually... Maybe progress is bad.
This is unorthodox.
Friend of a friend's Rumspringa.
I thought you said he was a Quaker.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Rumspringa's Amish.
We're all doing kickstands...
One of my best friends...
Hey, can I get a beer?
Uh, yeah sure.
Seth did you want it in your hands?
Umm, is there the option for a cup, or?
I mean, we had cups...
Um... Well where's your cup?
I'm just in charge of
distribution for tonight.
The responsible one. Respect.
Irregardless, it's my lot in life.
Ah, but irregardless means regardless,
and there's no such thing as the former.
Ahahahah, holy shit. Uh, impressive. Hi.
Hi.
Seth.
Em.
Em... Is that short for Emily?
Normal length for em, actually.
This is, um,
interesting music for a
rite of passage party.
What would make you think
that was the case?
My friend, Rach, over there.
Making out with six guys over there.
Oh yeah, she's very, uh...
kind... She's a... social...
Yeah, social... Nice person.
So is it Rach, or...
Rachel, actually.
Nice to check in with that though.
So what kind of music did you
think we'd be playing, like cat Stevens?
Yes, I love cat Stevens.
Why isn't there cat Stevens? Now I'm, now
I'm a little disappointed
that there's not cat Stevens.
No, he's great.
I'm more into like classical music.
Pachelbel's canon, stuff like that.
The... That's the wedding
song, right, the...?
Yeah, yes, exactly.
Very nice. I used to be able
to play that on the piano
when I was like, eight.
And super grammar nerd, awesome.
Nah, this is sort of just like
a regular party with, like,
good old farm boys.
Farm boys.
Jacob over there, he's
actually like a real Quaker.
He's even got like the
lamb chops to prove it.
Oh yeah? And his name is Jacob.
That's freakin' perfect.
So I gotta head back to my truck to...
Okay.
Get another keg.
It was nice meeting you.
Um... There might be more cups in the cab
if you're still interested.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Picture me rollin'.
Okay. Truck's on.
What next?
Okay, now by your left foot,
there's the parking brake.
It's kinda sticky.
Okay, hold on.
Ahaha, okay, wow.
- That?
- Huh, uh, yes.
'Kay.
Okay. Is your foot on the brake?
Mm hmm, we're not rolling, are we?
No. Okay.
All good.
All right, now take your
left foot and press
down on the clutch.
'Kay.
And put it into gear.
All right.
And now just release the
clutch slowly and...
Lightly tap on the gas.
Hahahaha...
shit. I'm sorry.
Oh, no sweat.
I should probably get back
with the keg anyways.
But uh, yeah, thanks.
I said sorry.
No, I mean thanks for hangin' out with
a fellow teetotaler tonight.
It was fun, even if it was
just for a short time.
Well maybe we can extend it to another day.
Yeah, I have, uh, class a lot,
but the weekend would work.
What's, uh, what's your cell?
I don't have one.
I have a land line, with
protruding buttons and stuff.
Wow.
Here. You can write it down
with this antiquated gadget.
I call a pen.
Oh, you don't have a quill or anything?
Uh, no. It's way too messy.
Thank you.
Yeah. I'll bring
a cat Stevens tape for
your fancy tape deck.
Hi, this is em.
Em, it's me. Or, uh,
Seth from the other night.
Hi, I didn't know if I'd
hear from you or not.
I have to cancel our plans this Saturday.
Okay.
My Dad, he, he had a stroke.
Oh my god. Are you all...
Is there anything I can do?
Are you all right?
I don't think so. My mom's
having a tough time, so...
I'm so sorry. Jesus, um... Look, I
lost my Mom when I was little,
so if there's anything
you want to talk about.
Okay, um, we're praying
for a good recovery.
Listen, I gotta go. The doctor's out now.
He just wants to chat with me and Mom.
Okay.
Thanks
bye.
Whazzup.
Disen-fucking-Gage dude!
Just a second!
You bitch!
You're missing actual life.
You ready to go home now?
I'm so ready.
Mixed with somber music
hi.
Hey, I'm sorry. It's just
it's been a long, long day.
My Mom had me do a bunch of stuff for her.
Coulda' texted.
Forgot to turn the damn thing on again.
Have you even used it once
since I got it for you?
Has she thought any more
about selling the farm?
I don't know where she's at with that, em.
Like I don't think she's in the
right place for that right now.
I, I mean she probably just
thinks it's disloyal to my Dad.
Well, but it's not. It
wouldn't be giving up.
You're gonna kill us.
Thought about, you know,
doin' anything else?
Bills first. Then figure out
how to conquer the world.
Unless you're insinuating
I go to school with you.
Get me one of them higher educations.
Yeah.
I'm gonna have all of my
pieces end up here eventually.
Nice. You shake it harder,
you get bigger numbers.
Oh, I'll have to try that.
I was thinking of going to seminary.
It's kinda something my,
parents always wanted for me.
I mean that was the plan... Before.
Ouch. Mid-move even.
Can't believe you're telling
me this in a seedy hotel room.
A seedy hotel... this is like our go-to.
In the middle of some Podunk town.
This is right in between us.
Like what, you want to go
back to your, your place
and do this with your
roommate like two feet away?
She might want next game.
Your turn.
You just gonna shut off
every time this comes up?
Hmmm?
Stop.
Come on.
Hey, mister!
You know if my Mom saw those...
Yeah.
What's, what's with you tonight?
What's with you? You're picking on me.
I am? No, I'm crazy about you.
And your star tattoos.
Now you're making fun of me?
I'm not making fun of you.
I'm crazy about you.
So you still going back to,
going back home for...
For holiday break?
Unfortunately.
I feel like I should. At least be a sport.
You could come with me,
unless you have to...
Yeah, I probably shouldn't.
I don't know, I just want everything to run
smooth through Christmas.
It's only like two weeks, right?
I just feel like my Dad
barely knows I'm there.
You know, like ever since
my Mom died he's all
about work and we just barely talk.
He sends checks to school.
I go home for holidays.
We check those boxes.
Probably keeps him going though.
Enjoys his time.
It's good of you to see him.
It sucks losing
a parent. I think god provides.
Well, aren't you cute?
I don't know what I'm doing.
You a college student?
Sorry?
You guys on your winter break?
Yeah, headed home for the holidays.
You know when I was in school, we didn't...
I said when I was in school, we didn't have
all the breaks that you guys have.
No?
No, we had, we had, Christmas break.
I guess now it's called holiday break, huh?
Mmhm. Well, even with all the breaks,
I'll still be doing plenty of studying.
Not too much.
You have some fun too, you hear?
My hands are too antiquated
for those new machines. Oh look
at, arthritic and fat fingers,
like a bear paw.
Just blame it on the auto correct.
On the what?
The auto correct.
You know, when it tries to...
I, I don't know what that
means, but hell, I'll take it.
Okay.
You are a cutie.
Mmmm...
I'll go over to the hospital
administrator for her
release to us then.
I told the boy.
Boy?
Her boyfriend.
She had a boyfriend?
Has, Roy. She has.
What'd you tell him?
It was me. I told Sofia to tell him to
say his goodbyes.
Goodbyes?
As far as he knows.
- You know man, for closure.
Well, couldn't you just have told
him visiting hours are over?
You see, this is why you
have me do these things.
It's probably appropriate
that Sofia did it.
She's a lot more diplomatic
than you are, Hank.
I know I can be a rough around the edges.
Excuse me... Hello?
Hold on a second. Hey guys,
she's my daughter, okay?
Good to go.
I just really hope what we're
doing is the right thing, Hank.
Hope isn't a plan, Roy.
And what we're doing is putting her in
the best position to survive.
Janie was the give.
After she died, I didn't
know how to raise em.
I was a shitty father.
I love em. You know I do.
I've know her since what,
since she was three years old.
And I remember how it was with Janie.
And I'm gonna do everything in my power
to help you bring em back and give her a
long and healthy life.
Unhhh, goddammit, let there be light.
I thought we made the decision
by bringing her here.
Hey, Phillip, what's goin' on?
- I got my Mom in the truck.
We just got back from seeing my Dad.
Geez, Louise, that's just...
- It's been a tough year for you.
Yeah, it's been a rough one.
Look, I wanna thank you for your help.
I know my Mom... she appreciates it too.
Well, you think about what I said, okay?
I just sort of feel responsible to make an
offer, you know, given as how
your Dad was so good to me
when I was getting started farming.
I tell ya, I wouldn't have
been nearly as successful
without his guidance.
I, I don't see how you gonna
be able to run this place
all by yourself.
Aagh, I don't know, I... It's
just I think my Mom will want to
hold on to the farm, if we can.
Not that we don't appreciate your help.
No, hey, hey, no, don't feel bad about it.
You guys could stay here.
I could use the expansion
to be honest with you.
I really could.
We'd have to clean things
up around here though.
I mean, this place, it's seen better
days, that's for sure.
I mean seriously, we need
a yard sale or somethin'.
"Cause I got, you know,
I got a vision for this here.
This could make an awesome, uh...
Well you just think about it.
Yeah, I don't...
Take your time. Don't, don't go lookin'
for rats in the attic.
Alright, take care of your Mom, all right?
Yeah.
I know you will.
- We're gonna be all right.
- We'll be fine.
Even if we weren't,
it's not like that would
be my fault, since Dad
sort of left us in financial shambles.
What?
Okay.
Never go to bed on your anger, right?
That's what you've always said.
I'm sorry.
Have a good night, all right, Mom? Love ya.
I feel like we're stuck at
the beginning with her, Roy.
What happened the other night?
Did you ever go home?
Oh, it's a nightmare.
- Perfectly common, right?
You know... same thing
happened with the soldiers.
I feel like I'm in grade school.
Let's be honest. She's not progressing
the way we want her to.
What is it exactly that we do want, Hank?
Better sandwiches.
Come on.
All right.
I'm just sayin', the board would
like to see some improvement.
Yeah, I'm just trying
to improve my daughter.
I guess I should be trying
to improve P/E ratios.
I meant improving the
way they were thinking.
Oh, the way they were thinking?
Oh, relax. I want what's best for em too.
Uh huh.
Keep in mind we're under
significant pressure
prove our worth. To prove that
all these years of research
and development have not been in vain.
We have profits to meet or
we'll lose our subsidies.
Now em is in a prime spot for us...
Prime spot. Life at all costs.
Is that it Hank?
Last time I checked,
I made this happen. I'm overseeing this.
She's not a lab rat. No
one's thinking that. Relax.
She's... She's my daughter.
Yes, and I'm appealing
to you as your friend,
on behalf of her.
She's suffering and I think
it's halting her progress.
Okay. So?
Hear me out.
She has classic signs of PTSD.
I know. We've given her
medication for that.
But they're not working,
so I think her condition,
her suffering, is keeping her
from moving beyond the accident.
From further developing.
Now we saw it before.
If we can block those memories...
we saw in prior
cases, they would jump light years ahead.
How can you call those
experiments successful?
That was year's ago.
We, we can dial it in.
We can pinpoint this.
All right, so yes, I am
for life at all costs.
I don't mean to be cold here,
but all this being emotional
it's hurting her.
Maybe you need to relinquish control to me.
Let me oversee it.
I can easily vacillate between what's
good for em, and what's
good for singularity.
And I'll handle it with kid gloves.
Now we say to our colleagues all the time,
we have to remain objective
to yield the best
results. Now we're 99
percent of the way there.
All we need is one little nudge.
This is your opportunity to
do what you couldn't do for
your wife.
Over the course of the last two
years, we've had to make some
alterations so that you would
survive what would have been
by normal standards, a fatal crash...
Adaptations.
A Neuro chip implanted in
your brain to replace the
non-recoverable damage.
Most of your functioning
and memory are, for
what we know, still intact.
Your left eye was blinded,
so we replaced it with
an artificial optic that
connects to your brain implant.
It will not only restore your
vision, but should enhance it.
Additional adaptations including
synthetic organ replacement to
your right lung, part of your
stomach and both kidneys.
Nanobot injections were
given to replace much of
your red blood cells and to
coincide with what remains.
As a result...
We should not only restore
your body's faculties to full
capacity, but also enhance
and potentially prolong your
life.
Like a computer, this new
technology will enable
you to instinctively know
the shortest possible
routes between locations.
Much like a bee's amazing
navigational skills,
there will be no wrong turns.
No second guessing.
Your very own internal GPS.
Those are pre-augment scars.
They'll likely never go away,
but they'll fade with time.
You wanna get out of here, I know that.
You need to.
You just have to, uh, give me some time and
then we'll re-evaluate. If
it were up to me, you'd be
outta here tomorrow, but
that's not my decision.
Dad?
Did... Give it time, em.
Ma'am?
Whoa, whoa! You Seth?
Yeah, well she's not.
I'm with the bank, regarding your mortgage.
I just need you to sign this.
Can you put the gun down, please?
It's a rifle. For vermin.
'Kay.
You know, you guys can't
bury my Dad any deeper.
It's a final notice on your farm.
Sorry about this, but you're
delinquent over a year now.
I just need you to sign this.
That you received this.
We've been calling. You guys don't have
a machine or anything?
Who do I talk to about an extension? Jordy?
Sorry about that. Here you go. Here.
Why didn't Jordy come tell me?
You talking about Jordan Chamberlain?
Yes, the same guy who gave
us the extension last time.
You, you'd have to speak
with him about that.
I'm with special credits.
I'm only sent out when
it's time to, you know, act.
Regulations.
Thank you.
Yeah, speak with Jordan if
you have any issues and, uh,
go ahead and keep that pen, okay?
Who was that joker that was
at my house this morning?
Like I thought the extension
was still good...
That was before he passed.
We still extended you last time.
Let me ask, what's going on with the farm
subsidies that you applied for?
Yeah, that would have been nice, huh?
We had no problems getting
subsidies when I was growing up,
before he passed, but now
suddenly I'm getting the run
around. Hell, I had a friend
that lost his farm because
they wanted to build cell
towers or something.
So, that's not a viable option,
I take it, getting a subsidy.
Look, I just, I... I need more time.
Maybe an extension. I've given up
everything I have to sit there
and try to make this work.
Why? What's gonna change?
You, you tell me.
I'm just the pilot here, Seth.
I didn't build the plane,
and I don't control the weather.
I just...
With or without your Dad,
your film is still hurting.
He was sitting across from
me, just like you are.
Yeah, except he was sitting across
from someone older than
you, before you were here.
Someone that knew how to make
a deal based upon a promise
and a handshake.
What's this?
Calm down, Seth. He's just checking in.
We've already made the decision.
If you can't come up
with the back payments,
we're gonna have to take the next step.
You just killed my Mom, then. Thank you.
Hey, Seth. How you doin'?
- I know you're upset.
Hey, don't beat yourself up, you know?
There's really not a whole
lot else you coulda' done.
I tell ya, these family farms
are getting, they're just
getting replaced by the big factory farms.
There's just no way we can keep up with
that kind of production.
Hey.
It's no wonder we can't
pay our bills, right?
You seem to be doing fine.
Well yeah, today, maybe,
but what about tomorrow?
You just remember, I got
your back, all right?
And you're gonna be way
better off having me own that
farm than uncle Sam.
And I'm just holdin' on to it for you
til you get on your feet again, right?
Usual hot water in a mug,
140 degrees with honey?
You got it, Amber.
Oh, oh Amber?
Uh, what are you having, Seth? I'm buying.
Oh, no, I'm not hungry.
Come on, you sure?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Amber, you got any of that good chili?
Three alarm?
Yeah. Yeah get him a bowl.
If he don't eat it, I will.
God, I love this place.
It's just the way things should be.
Is there something else bothering you?
When I was looking for the deed tonight,
I kinda came across my old
girlfriend's obituary.
Oh man, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
How's her family gettin' on?
None really to speak of,
except for, I mean,
except for her Dad.
Have you talked to him?
Uh... We never really knew each other.
Plus, I don't really think I'm
his cup of tea, you know?
Well why is that?
Farm boy, Phillip. He's like some big
wig bio tech guy.
Thank you, Amber.
So hot water and honey, huh?
No coffee or tea?
Nope.
I don't need no artificial stimulants.
Not me.
I don't think caffeine's artificial.
Don't be a smart ass. You
know what I'm talkin' about.
So, bio tech, huh?
Where'd you say he worked?
Singularity.
Are you kiddin' me?
No.
You know what they do there?
Those are them guys that are doing all
that, that crazy...
Look... Listen, em and I, you
know, we didn't see eye to
eye on that. I told her I
thought that they pushed
the envelope too much.
Yeah. Pushed it right
into the devil's mailbox,
if you ask me.
Did I ever tell you about
these meetings I attend?
What, like, like a meetings?
No... No. It's, it's a
different kind of group.
Um, in fact I was gonna ask you if we could
hold our meeting at your barn, you know?
Sure, yeah.
You know, irregardless of whether or not
you sign the deed over to me or not.
Yeah, you see, we just want to keep a
low profile. I'll tell you
all about it later. I just,
you know, didn't want to overwhelm ya.
Uh, but speaking of the deed, though,
can I take a look?
Right.
It's gonna be fine, Seth.
And you and your Mom,
you can be caretakers.
Stay there as long as you need to.
How is she doin'?
Plant's looking healthy.
Can you write something for me?
Come with me.
I think I can't really see you.
In a computer, I can open it up, see
every resistor, every
wire, every part in it.
But I couldn't tell you about its behavior.
You see, the hardware is simply
where the software resides.
To understand the behavior,
you have to understand the software.
And the software has no mass.
Jimmy, I can't stay here.
Who's Seth?
Let's get you something to eat.
All right?
How you doin'?
Did you love Mom?
Of course I did. Why would you say that?
What's up?
Seems like you spent
more time with her after
she got sick than before.
That's not true.
I was there, Dad.
We were trying to figure things out.
Just like you are, em.
Can't underestimate this set back.
Our minds have limits.
They're fixed. We're fucked. Hers?
She's advancing even
beyond our wildest dreams.
Do you know how many lives we can
save with that notion?
This has exceeded every expectation.
I was just under the impression
that this was all gonna end at some point.
I have to be honest with
you, as your friend.
The board feels like you've forgotten
your duties here. Your research.
Singularity's objective
G.N.R. Genetics,
nanotechnology, robotics.
Humans have rationalized,
even made excuses for death.
Somehow it's noble.
But it is our job to term death
as a tragedy. A tragedy of lost
intelligence, of lost relationships.
Therefore, it is our job
to extend life. Period.
Oh just spare me the diatribe.
It's yours, man. And I
think you need a reminder.
We are on the precipice of
changing human evolution.
We won't have to worry about death.
We can swap out these suboptimal
bodies and engineer ourselves to be gods.
But don't you ever have a hint of doubt?
Ever?
Now clearly she's not the same em.
But she is not my little girl, em.
We make better humans.
And she's the first step.
Em!
And look at that.
You're just stronger.
No.
Times are tough.
What's the matter, Russ?
We either move to the
Mountainsor off the grid or we
take that alternative stance.
And when our stuff gets taken away...
Right, Renee?
When our stuff gets taken away, that's when
we're tested.
I don't know, folks. I don't know. But this
decision is not mine. I
am not the driving force
here, okay? It's all of us.
We all are in this
together, right?
I thought it best that we come here.
Look... Em, look, am I, um...
Are we, are we in any trouble?
I have your obituary at my house.
At least I thought... I
thought, I thought I did.
I was taken to my dad's...
facility.
Singularity.
You know about it?
There was some nurse or lady...
There was someone...
She was at the hospital
when I went to go say my
goodbyes. She said that
she worked for your Dad.
She wasn't very informative, except...
Yeah, this was it.
It almost was.
My Dad thought his lab was my only chance.
And I, um...
Two years feels like two weeks to me.
There's been a lot of physical therapy
and I'm starting to get my memory back.
You just remember us now?
Shit!
I don't understand, like, why the...
Why the funeral? Why...?
What did they do to you?
Seth. Seth.
Shit.
Come on.
Yeah, he was pretty proud of that.
You hungry?
I'm sorry I made, I made
scrambled by default
'cause they're less hard to screw up.
Was the bed comfy?
It was fine, thank you.
I'm just gonna run these
out to my Mom real quick.
I'll be right back.
Alright Mom, it's time to eat.
I'll be back to check on you, all right?
Are you gonna eat?
No.
Why are you here?
I had nowhere else to go.
You're confusing to me, em.
I don't...
I'm not... I'm not saying
that I don't want you here.
It's just I feel like
half the time, ya ain't.
If that makes sense.
So is someone looking for you then?
Listen, I... The whole thing about it,
it's just got me paranoid.
I don't know what to say, like
I'm part of this, this group.
It's called the 144.
It represents the forty-four
families in this community
that lost their livelihood
to factory farming.
And the one is just, you
know, under one god,
it's just a funky name that we gave it.
Look, basically, these people
are a group of Luddites.
I'm part of them. It's around the country.
It's big. But we were talking about...
Remember when we
talked about what your
Dad did for a living,
like before your accident.
It's like even you said that
he was into some pretty advanced stuff.
Like how do we ...How
do we know that you're
not some experiment to see how
far they can push technology?
Em!
Em! Wait!
What? What am I to you,
the sum of my parts?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No? You think I wanted this?
Okay, listen, I'm sorry! All right? I just,
I... I can't lose you again!
Listen, you show up back in my life
and everything just got so fucked.
And I'm sorry I'm still trying to process
this, but...
I... I... I need you to stay.
No, I want you to stay.
Please don't leave.
I'm sorry for everything
that's happened to you.
No, I'm sorry.
I'm... So sorry.
Oh!
Em! What the hell are you doing?
Ohh.
- Come here.
- Ohh.
Just keep your hand under there.
Can I see your hand?
Let us pray.
Lord, be with us here tonight.
Allow your words to guide us
and give us the courage we need
to stand firm in our beliefs.
Give us the strength, lord,
to face these troubling times
head on. These things
we ask in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Well where are we, folks?
Where are we?
It's time to wake up.
And figure out what's most important to us.
And how this so-called progress
is affectin' our lives.
Not only our lives, but the
lives of our patriots.
It's time we get off our ass.
I apologize. Let's just
put this another way.
- Jeremiah 1:17.
- Get yourself ready.
Stand up and say to them
whatever I command you.
Do not be terrified by them,
or I will terrify you
before them.
That's not me talkin' folks. That's god.
Oh, wow.
I didn't even know places
like this existed anymore.
It's paradise.
My mom's doing so much better...
thanks to you.
I don't know about that, but I'm glad.
Thank you.
Well, it's great being with you, so...
It's easy.
Oh. I gotta get the picnic stuff.
Okay.
You're shaking.
Yeah.
Are you scared of me?
No.
Em?
Seth?
Now we need to act now,
or we don't act at all.
It's just a report.
It doesn't mean that it's
the mark of the beast.
So, how's this thing go?
Is it this way or that way?
Pvt. Huey Durmont my name is Huey Durmont.
E-2
e-2, no you have to, you
have to say what that is.
Sorry.
Private first class. Um, part
of the 47th chromosome project.
I see.
It's definitely one step closer to that,
that jumpin' Jesus we've
all be talkin' about.
You could say that about
every single moment
of every single day.
Look, I'm not defending technology,
but you're wrong if you
think that I'm somehow
undecided about this, because I'm not.
But what are we, some terrorist group?
I uh, had a Neuro chip implant.
I lost control of myself.
Shot...
My best friend during a
combat training regimen.
Tattoos. For every man,
woman, and child. Required.
Required! Forced through some
kind of mandatory enrollment.
Now that is the very
definition of a mandate.
Now, I don't know about you,
but that doesn't sound too
innocent to me.
I'm not claiming, I'm not
claiming that it's innocent.
All right? What I'm saying is that
maybe it'd be better to walk
away than engage in a war.
What about the mountains, like you said?
Go on.
Uh, I now believe I was not controlling my
thoughts, arms, or hands.
I was a husband and a father.
I don't have them anymore. I was
moved to a privately funded
institution and...
I can't do this.
I can't do what you asked me.
Uh, now how, how 'bout what,
what do you got there?
What is that?
Viruses can be manufactured and used
with the public none the wiser.
And the worst part is here... Here.
Now hold it closer so we can see it.
There ya go, yeah.
Yeah, this is a capsule that was
detected by a spectrograph.
It's uh, it's broken so not to worry.
Uh, it
could kill a lot of people
within a hundred-yard radius.
Look, man, I love you. You know I do.
Your Dad was good to me.
Can you tell us the name
of the private facility?
Singularity.
But I'm afraid your time
with this girl is clouding
your judgement.
That has absolutely
nothing to do with this.
Yeah, well I know who she is.
And I know you've been hiding her from us.
Trying to keep us from
knowing the truth about her.
Can I have a room? Please?
Daddy?
It's an rfid chip.
They were able to track this.
So I just wanna make sure.
If they were tracking me, why
didn't they pick me up before now?
I was able to convince them to hold off.
See how you did out there.
Out there?
The real world.
Your mother wanted me to focus on you.
And I didn't.
I'm sorry.
The truth is that you're so much like her.
I was, anyway.
No, you, you are like her.
You are very much like her.
You still are.
I blame myself for not
being able to save her.
The... Technology wasn't there for me
to do anything about it,
but I still blame myself.
Because...
My business is doing the impossible.
Such bullshit.
She never wanted what I wanted.
I know.
She got so sick all she
really wanted was peace.
And the only thing she felt really terrible
about, was leaving you behind.
How do you feel about Seth?
Why?
I'm afraid he could be in danger.
I'm afraid anyone that
comes in contact with you,
they may see as a threat.
I've got your passport in the back.
Change of clothes. We're going to Canada.
And Seth?
Fuck.
Thank you.
Okay, you're close.
Go get him.
I gotta... Few things to take care of
and then I'll catch up with you, okay?
You be safe.
I love you.
You get goin', okay?
I love you too.
May I help you?
I'm looking for em.
She ain't here.
I'll come back then.
Seth!
Oh, god!
No!
Oh, baby.
Oh, shit!
Of course you don't have
your phone... Right?
It's okay, I'm gonna go get us help, okay?
Okay.
Let's go.
What do you want, Hank?
You know, I wanted to
give you an opportunity
to put all this in motion.
I need good people out there
campaigning for the cause.
You know, sort of integration.
So I'll give you a chance to
repent for your sins, Roy.
And you'd be a great
contribution on your part
if you volunteered that.
Are you too lost at this point?
Lost?
What's white is black and vice versa.
Huh, Hank?
What're you, gestapo now?
You really think we don't
know what's going on?
And you were right. Of course.
Sending her out here by
herself was the best
thing we could have done for her.
You're a genius even
when you're not trying.
It's a damn shame.
What the hell are you talking about?
We see everything, Roy.
So, you can tell us.
Don't tell us. It doesn't matter.
It's just a chance for redemption.
You better not hurt her, Hank.
Why would I hurt em? We just
want her back, that's all.
We're partners!
When did you ever treat me like a partner?
Anyway, the board deems you unfit.
I'm just sad you lost your way.
You know I gotta thank you.
It's a great testament to your
good work. She has exceeded all
known biological capabilities.
It's a miracle, right?
I used to agree with you.
A week ago, I might have
agreed with you. But I've been wrong.
We just can't change features
or a feature and not think that
there's not going to be consequences.
And we can't just arrogantly
think that we can
transcend thousands of
years of an experience.
Yeah, I don't know if there's a god.
I don't. I'm a confused
and bitter man, Hank.
But, I have to admit that I've been longing
for something like nanotech or
artificial intelligence to take
us to that next level, you know?
To... To something beyond
that even I could articulate.
I know you're just trying to buy time.
We don't need you to find her.
I just needed a way to get you to buy in.
You understand?
Thank you.
Hank.
You did a great job.
Everybody at singularity thanks you.
Hank.
Listen, I'm not gonna
make it to the hospital.
You gotta pull over, baby.
Just pull over.
Okay.
Stay with me.
Let me take you to the hospital.
I know where I need to go, okay?
No. Stay.
I can't.
Come on.
We have to go, okay?
Okay.
Please.
I'm here, wherever you want.
Wherever you want.
Okay.
Sweetie, we're here.
We're here.
Hey, we're here.
It's paradise.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org